Now we will create a function to kind of score or get to design or create the winner beside the winners
also.
So here we will write create a function that the winner.
So here we will take.
Okay.
So we have some conditions.
We will check for some conditions.
Firstly, if the player and the computer moves are the same, then the game is tired.
So simply we will print the draw and else if we have under three conditions.
Firstly, if player run the computer more different than the three cases are possible.
First one if the player movies rock and the computer movies paper, then computer wins.
If the player movies rock and the computer movies scissors, then the player wins.
And the second one will be the player movies, people in the computer, movies, teasers.
Then the computer event and the player movies, paper and the computer movies flop and the player wins.
And the third one, which will be the last one, if the player movies, scissors and the computer is
rock, then the computer wins.
If player movies, scissors and the computer movies paper than the player wins.
So what we will do, firstly, we will write our matter and under this we will check for these conditions.
So here we will simply write public or get winner on the test.
We will take the parameter with the string you on string computer.
But this under this matter, we will check the first condition of Trump.
So here we will write.
If.
You not equals computer.
Here.
What do we have?
Okay.
So here.
The condition will drop.
Simply, we will draw.
Now we have another three conditions.
So we will write this if you
you sorry write you dot equals.
And here we have the first condition of rock.
And this we will check if computer.
Okay.
So your computer not equals to Caesar.
Right.
So if the rock versus Caesar.
So obviously the rock will be the winner.
So here we will increment the score of user because the user has to rock.
So it will increment and simply set the text on label your score, not set x.
Simply write string key and note this we will write a string or the value of
your events or ends.
What do we have?
We have the computer scoring element and bring the score with the G label.
Computer school taught set text.
Right.
A string or the value of.
Computers and.
And now we have some second conditions.
So what we will write is if and notice, we will write.
You don't equals.
Here we have.
The next condition is paper.
So here we will write.
If.
Computer dot equals.
Rock on voters.
What do they have to do?
We really increment the your winds.
Done and simply printed with the label.
Your score not set.
Text this we will write the string note value off and need your rinse done or else computer wins an
increment score and printed with the label.
Computer school don't sat text under this you will write string not value of computer wins.
And now we we will check for the last condition for the raw paper, and thus the last one will be the
scissor part.
So here we will write else if you are not equals with the scissor part.
So here what we will do.
And we will write
the story.
We will check with the paper part.
So what we will write is.
Puter nerd equals.
Look people here, the user will win.
Your wins plus plus done in Chile will not.
Julie Neal, the charter school board said next spring not value of changes with the organs and or else
part of will be computer computers.
Then increment this the level of computer school and not text and this we will write a string node value
of computer.
Is this done to school?
Here, then.
The old man's computer.
Okay, so this part is done now.
We simply run our program here.
No mistake.
You're not all this matter here in our manuscript.
Even so, what we have to do.
We have to write the law.
This drug will be seen and here the parameter will be random selection.
Same with no.
We promote, click here.
We will write that winner.
Give the people your next barometer will be the selection.
Seems to suggest here we will right get winner.
They get scissor and another one will be random selection and now simply run our program.
Q So simply, we have the schools also here, the symbol for the rock, and this one is for Caesar as
well as for people.
So rock versus Caesar.
Same.
But we will take the paper.
So paper versus Caesar.
So the computer wins.
I will take the seasonal theme again.
So here, Caesar versus rock.
So computer wins.
Now I will take the rock.
So rock versus Caesar.
So user wins and paper versus Caesar.
So the computer wins and this even goes on.